---
description: Sharing and Learning Together
---

# 1.2 Creating your NEOFLIX team

> _“In my opinion, a team improves in a way that is not measurable. Through video review, openness within a team is created. Here you can give feedback to each other, which leads to better teamwork.” -_ Consultant neonatologist&#x20;

**Building Your Video Review Team: Start with Pioneers**

Successful video review implementation starts with identifying pioneers – respected and trusted team members who champion the benefits of this process. To build trust and foster adoption, these pioneers should:

* **Lead by Example:** Be the first to record their own procedures, demonstrating openness to self-reflection.
* **Support Organization:** Actively assist in setting up the video review process.
* **Represent Diverse Disciplines:** Ideally, your _Neoflix_ team should include pioneers from various areas of expertise to promote a well-rounded perspective.

**Key Questions for Pioneer Selection:**

* **Trust Factor:** Are they trusted and well-regarded within the team?
* **Respect:** Do colleagues respect their skills and judgment?
* **Multidisciplinary Approach:** Does the group reflect the range of disciplines on your team?

**Remember, by establishing a strong foundation with dedicated pioneers, you create a positive environment for widespread video review adoption and continuous quality improvement.**

<mark style="color:orange;">**Meet the Neoflix team of the NICU in the LUMC:**</mark>

<mark style="color:orange;">**--> mini interiews: naam, functie, relatie tot het neoflix project, taken, kernwaarden etc.**</mark>&#x20;

<table data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th></th><th></th><th></th><th data-hidden data-card-cover data-type="files"></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Arjan te Pas</td><td></td><td></td><td><a href="../.gitbook/assets/Foto arjan.jfif">Foto arjan.jfif</a></td></tr><tr><td>Ruben Witlox</td><td>....</td><td>....</td><td><a href="../.gitbook/assets/Foto ruben.jfif">Foto ruben.jfif</a></td></tr><tr><td>Henriette van Zanten</td><td>...</td><td>...</td><td><a href="../.gitbook/assets/Foto Henriette.jfif">Foto Henriette.jfif</a></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Veerle Heesters</strong></td><td>PhD student</td><td>Studying organization and implementation of Neoflix on the NICU of the LUMC </td><td><a href="../.gitbook/assets/Veerle Heesters photo.jpg">Veerle Heesters photo.jpg</a></td></tr><tr><td>Lennart! ;)</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>overige teamleden (veerle Heijstek, Marieke den Boer, Linsey, ???</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td><a href="../.gitbook/assets/arjan-te-pas-en-ruben-witlox foto (1).png">arjan-te-pas-en-ruben-witlox foto (1).png</a></td></tr></tbody></table>

