---
description: Use built-in microphones for audio, watch for noise
---

# 2.3 Capture Audio

Audio enriches the educational experience by providing a multi-dimensional understanding of the surgical procedure. While the convenience of a device's built-in microphone is tempting, it's imperative to remain alert to potential background noise that could compromise audio clarity. When considering audio, it's essential to distinguish between two distinct aspects:

1. **Surgical Sounds:** To fully immerse students in the surgical environment, capturing authentic ambient sounds can offer a more holistic perspective. These sounds provide context beyond visuals, allowing learners to comprehend the rhythm and nuances of the surgical process. This auditory dimension adds depth to their understanding, enhancing the immersive experience.
2. **Communication Dynamics:** When recording communication among staff and, when relevant, with the patient, a strategic approach is paramount. Language and jargon specific to the medical field may inadvertently exclude viewers who are not yet familiar with these terms. In such instances, incorporating textual overlays or meta-commentary becomes invaluable. These overlays can succinctly explain medical terminology, provide context to conversations, and guide students through the intricacies of the procedure. Additionally, when interactions with patients are recorded, meta-commentary can serve as a bridge, offering insights into the underlying thought process of the surgeon and facilitating a deeper connection between the students and the patient's perspective.

Ensuring that dialogues are not only audible but also instructive adds another layer of educational value. By thoughtfully curating audio, you enhance the learning experience for those engaging with the recorded footage, allowing them to grasp the surgical procedure comprehensively and appreciate the nuances of both surgical and interpersonal dynamics.
