---
description: Get to know your participants' opinion
---

# 2.3 Embedding a feedback mechanism

It can be useful to integrate a feedback mechanism into your Neoflix sessions to obtain the perspective of your participant on the sessions. For example, use an anonymous questionnaire that is accessible through a QR code and take the time after each session to let the participants fill it in. You can aks your participants what they learned from the session and compare it with what you concluded from the session. Additionally, you can ask them questions corresponding to the safe learning environment and find out how safe your meeting actually was. Finally, you can ask them if they would change anything about the session or if they have input, ideas or suggestions regarding video review. &#x20;

Make sure to ask the following questions:

*   [ ] What is your position within the team?

    \- Member of the nursing staff

    \- Member of the medical staff

    \- Other
*   [ ] Is the use of the “feedback rules” sufficient?

    (Feedback rules: be specific and to the point, describe the situation without judgement, focus on behavioural aspects, not on personal aspects)

(Strongly disagree) 1 2 3 4 5 (Strongly agree)

* [ ] 3\. Do you think you get enough opportunity to speak?

(Strongly disagree) 1 2 3 4 5 (Strongly agree)

* [ ] 4\. Do you feel safe enough to express yourself and to voice your opinion?

(Strongly disagree) 1 2 3 4 5 (Strongly agree)

* [ ] 5\. Do you feel like you are contributing to improvement in care?

(Strongly disagree) 1 2 3 4 5 (Strongly agree)

* [ ] 6\. What is your opinion in general of this video review session?

(Strong negative) 1 2 3 4 5 (Strong positive)

* [ ] 7\. What did you learn from this session?&#x20;
* [ ] 8\. What went well during the session?
* [ ] 9\. What are areas of improvement for the session?
* [ ] 10\. What are perceived barriers to speak up during the session?
* [ ] 11\. Do you have suggestions, ideas or remarks regaring Neoflix?

\
**Overige aspecten??**

planningsassistent

roostermaker

reminders sturen

nieuwsbrief automatisch sturen
